DEVX-2258 Check Prose for Offensive, Ableist and Gendered Language (#3405)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _documentation/en/concepts/guides/openapi.md

If you're already a [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) fan then this may well appeal to you. If not, then give it a try.

1. Download the spec for the API you're interested (via the API reference page)
2. In Postman, click "Import" and choose the `*.yml` file you downloaded

.... that's it. You have a ready-made set of requests to make against the API, now add your Vonage account details and off you go!

> See our [Guide to Postman](/tools/postman) for more examples and advanced usage.

### Mock Server for Testing with Prism

> One tool that many of our developers find useful is [Prism](https://stoplight.io/open-source/prism). It's an open source JavaScript tool that accepts an OpenAPI spec and then imitates the API behavior it describes. It's an ideal way to work with a local API, avoids using up account credit when you're testing something, and also gives an coherent way to test error responses.

Reviewer: "and also gives an coherent way to test error responses" -> "and provides a way to test error responses"

> One tool that many of our developers find useful is [Prism](https://stoplight.io/open-source/prism). It's an open source JavaScript tool that accepts an OpenAPI spec and then imitates the API behavior it describes. It's an ideal way to work with a local API, avoids using up account credit when you're testing something, and also gives an coherent way to test error responses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One tool that many of our developers find useful is [Prism](https://stoplight.io/open-source/prism). It's an open source JavaScript tool that accepts an OpenAPI spec and then imitates the API behavior it describes. It's an ideal way to work with a local API, avoids using up account credit when you're testing something, and also provides a way to test error responses locally.
```

> One tool that many of our developers find useful is [Prism](https://stoplight.io/open-source/prism). It's an open source JavaScript tool that accepts an OpenAPI spec and then imitates the API behavior it describes. It's an ideal way to work with a local API, avoids using up account credit when you're testing something, and also gives an coherent way to test error responses.

Author: ```suggestion
One tool that many of our developers find useful is [Prism](https://stoplight.io/open-source/prism). It's an open source JavaScript tool that accepts an OpenAPI spec and then imitates the API behavior it describes. It's an ideal way to work with a local API, avoids using up account credit when you're testing something, and also gives a way to test error responses.
```
